Lars review (#5)
martinduke/draft-ietf-shmoo-cancel-meeting: draft-ietf-shmoo-cancel-meeting.md

# Introduction

> Among the highlights of the IETF calendar is in-person general meetings, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Among the highlights of the IETF calendar are in-person general meetings, which
```

## IESG and IRTF Chair

If the LLC assesses there are no fundamental logistical or financial obstacles

> to holding a meeting in an emergency situation, the IESG and IRTF chair assess

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to holding a meeting in an emergency situation, the IESG and IRTF Chair assess
```

if projected attendance is high enough to achieve the benefit of an in-person
meeting.

> The IESG is discouraged from relying on a simple head count of expected event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IESG is discouraged from relying on a simple head count of expected meeting
```

> attendance. Even dramatically smaller events with large remote participation may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
attendance. Even dramatically smaller meetings with large remote participation may
```

# Remedies

> If an event cannot be held at the scheduled time and place, the LLC and IESG

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a meeting cannot be held at the scheduled time and place, the LLC and IESG
```

Reviewer: Could you also check other uses of "event" vs. "meeting" throughout the document? A "meeting" is what we hold, an "event" is the thing that might cause us to cancel a meeting (at least I think that is how most of the text is written.)

Author: OK, it's done. If you're now happy with it, I'll merge this and publish a new version.
